.TH "RNTRACK" "1" "2020-01-30" "RNtrack"
.SH NAME
RNtrack \- mail tracker and packer for FTN-networks
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rntrack
[ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I  RNtrack
is a so called netmail "tracker". Its purpose is to process netmail on
netmail hubs, though it can be useful for an ordinary node. It takes a message,
compares it with a mask and, if comparison was successful, it executes
corresponding operation with this message.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-c configfile
The configuration file name.
For example,
\f[I]-c\ \[dq]d:\[rs]soft\[rs]fido\[rs]RNtrack.cfg\[dq]\f[R].
The space between the \[aq]\f[I]-c\f[R]\[aq] and the beginning of the
path is required.
Quotes are required.
This parameter overrides \f[B]RNTRACKCONFIG\f[R] environment variable.
.TP
.B \-u
Unpack outbound. Shows that outbound repack is necessary.
Before execution of all main functions, described in configuration
file, RNtrack will unpack the entire outbound into the directory
specified in the \f[I]\[aq]TempMail:\[aq]\f[R] statement.
.TP
.B \-t
Run all \[aq]\f[I]\f[R]ScanDir:\f[I]\f[R]\[aq] statements, for which
one-shot execution is indicated, regardless of whether they should be
executed right now or not.
.TP
.B \-v
Display the version of the program and the list of authors.
.TP
.B \-h, \-?
Display help screen.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B RNTRACKCONFIG
If you run RNtrack without parameters, then in Windows it will try to
read the %USERPROFILE%\[rs]fido\[rs]rntrack.cfg as a configuration file,
in an UNIX-like operating system it will try to read
\[ti]/fido/etc/rntrack.conf, and in other operating systems it will try
to find rntrack.cfg file in the current directory and process it.
.PP
.IP "" 7
You may set the \f[B]RNTRACKCONFIG\f[R] environment variable
to choose a different path to RNtrack configuration file.
.SH SUPPORTED PLATFORMS
Linux, FreeBSD, OpenBSD, NetBSD, Solaris, MacOS X, AIX, OS/2, DOS and Windows.
.SH AUTHOR
Alex Soukhotine and others